Add example to only send events with userId (#3978)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/destination-filters.md

* [Remove internal and test events from production tools](#remove-internal-and-test-events-from-production-tools)
* [Sample a percentage of events](#sample-a-percentage-of-events)
* [Drop events](#drop-events)  

> * [Only send event with userId](#only-send-events-with-userid) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Only send events with userId](#only-send-events-with-userid) 
```

[Watch this destination filters walkthrough](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47dhAF1Hoco){:target="_blank"} to learn how to use event names to filter events sent to destinations.

### Only send events with userId

> You may only want to send some events downstream to your destinations if they contain a `userId`. You won't be able to configure a filter like that in the Destination Filter UI, but you can use the [Public API](https://docs.segmentapis.com/tag/Destination-Filters/){:target="_blank"} to achieve this. Here is an example of how you might format such a request:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [Public API](https://docs.segmentapis.com/tag/Destination-Filters/){:target="_blank"} to only send events to your destination if they contain a `userId`. Here's an example of how you might format this request:
```
